Provide instructions on using and accessing example data (#155)
AlexsLemonade/scpca-nf: examples/README.md

> ## Example Files 

Reviewer: Making the title a bit more informative (and H1, why not)
```suggestion
# Example Metadata & Configuration Files for `scpca-nf`
```

> Here we provide an example of the [metadata file](../external-data-instructions.md#prepare-the-metadata-file) and [configuration file](../external-data-instructions.md#configuration-files) that you will need in order to setup a run of the `scpca-nf` workflow. 

Reviewer: Adding a bit of warning to set expectations. I don't love my wording, but I think we should include the sentiment.
```suggestion
This directory contains an example the [metadata file](../external-data-instructions.md#prepare-the-metadata-file) and [configuration file](../external-data-instructions.md#configuration-files) for the `scpca-nf` workflow. 
These files should be used as an example of formats and content, but note that the values in these files may not be applicable or sufficient to allow running `scpca-nf` to be used directly on your system.
```

These files should be used as an example of formats and content, but note that the values in these files may not be applicable or sufficient to allow running `scpca-nf` to be used directly on your system.

## Testing your setup with example data

If you would like to test your configuration setup, after following the instructions outlined in the [external instructions](../external-data-instructions.md), you can do so by performing a test run with the example data that we have provided.

We recommend using the example 10X dataset from a [human glioblastoma donor that was processed using the 10X Genomics' Next GEM Single Cell 3' Reagent Kits v3.1](https://www.10xgenomics.com/resources/datasets/2-k-sorted-cells-from-human-glioblastoma-multiforme-3-v-3-1-3-1-standard-6-0-0). 

> The fastq files for this example data can be downloaded from the following link: [Brain_Tumor_3p_fastqs.tar](https://cf.10xgenomics.com/samples/cell-exp/6.0.0/Brain_Tumor_3p/Brain_Tumor_3p_fastqs.tar).

Reviewer 2: How big is this download? Should we warn people?

Following download and unzipping of the fastq files, you will need to create a metadata file that looks like the following: 

| scpca_run_id | scpca_library_id | scpca_sample_id | scpca_project_id | technology | seq_unit | files_directory | 
| ------------ | ---------------- | --------------- | ---------------- | ---------- | -------- | --------------- | 

> | SCPCR999991 | SCPCL999991 | SCPCS999991 | SCPCP999991 | 10Xv3.1 | cell | path/to/example_fastq_files | 

Reviewer: I've been thinking about whether we really want to use SCPCX prefixes here. I think maybe not, as I think they may be confusing in this context. There is no requirement that they follow our ID format if they are just running on their own. 

I think we might want to change the example files as well, but that might warrant some more discussion.

I also made this look like a full path.

```suggestion
| run01 | library01 | sample01 | project01 | 10Xv3.1 | cell | /path/to/example_fastq_files | 
```

Author: I definitely like the changes you implemented here and would agree that we should probably update the files to have names more generalizable. That might be a change that we make in a separate PR though and we can leave it as is for now.

> Be sure to enter the full path to where the fastq files are located in the `files_directory` column.

Reviewer: Emphasis added.
```suggestion
Be sure to enter the **full** path to the directory containing the fastq files in the `files_directory` column.
```

You can provide the path to the metadata file at the command line (here we name the file `example_metadata.tsv` but you can use the filename of your choice).
The following command can then be used to test your configuration setup with the example data: 

```
nextflow run AlexsLemonade/scpca-nf \

>   -r v0.2.6 \

Reviewer: Maybe we can leave the version out here, as it is not really important to this example, and  people should get the latest by default. 
```suggestion
```

  -config my_config.config  \
  -profile <name of profile> \
  --run_metafile <path/to/example_metadata.tsv>
```

**Note:** This setup assumes that you have already created a configuration file, `my_config.config` (or the filename of your choice) and have created and named a profile to use. 
See the instructions on [creating a configuration file](../external-data-instructions.md#configuration-files) and [setting up a profile](../external-data-instructions.md#setting-up-a-profile-in-the-configuration-file) for more information.

## Example output 

> You can download an example of the expected output files at https://s3.amazonaws.com/scpca-references/example-data/scpca_out.zip. 

Reviewer: I don't like bare links?
```suggestion
You can download an example of the expected output files here: [scpca_out.zip](https://s3.amazonaws.com/scpca-references/example-data/scpca_out.zip). 
```

# Example Metadata & Configuration Files for `scpca-nf`

> ## Set up configuration file

Reviewer 2: What's currently here makes me think that these are going to be instructions for setting up a configuration file. That's not the case though. 

```suggestion
## Example files
```

This directory contains an example [metadata file](../external-data-instructions.md#prepare-the-metadata-file) and [configuration file](../external-data-instructions.md#configuration-files) for the `scpca-nf` workflow. 
These files should be used as an example of formats and content, but note that the values in these files may not be applicable or sufficient to allow running `scpca-nf` to be used directly on your system.

> Before following the instructions below, please ensure that you have already set up your own [configuration file](../external-data-instructions.md#configuration-files) and [created a profile](../external-data-instructions.md#setting-up-a-profile-in-the-configuration-file) to run `scpca-nf` on your system. 
> 
> ## Testing your setup with example data 
> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

## Testing your setup with example data 

⚠️  Before following these instructions, please ensure that you have already set up your own [configuration file](../external-data-instructions.md#configuration-files) and [created a profile](../external-data-instructions.md#setting-up-a-profile-in-the-configuration-file) to run `scpca-nf` on your system. 

```

Reviewer 2: Currently the warning is tucked as the last paragraph in a section I may or may not read if I've arrived at these docs with the purpose of testing my setup with example data.

| scpca_run_id | scpca_library_id | scpca_sample_id | scpca_project_id | technology | seq_unit | files_directory | 
| ------------ | ---------------- | --------------- | ---------------- | ---------- | -------- | --------------- | 
| run01 | library01 | sample01 | project01 | 10Xv3.1 | cell | /path/to/example_fastq_files | 

Be sure to enter the **full** path to the directory containing the fastq files in the `files_directory` column.

The following command can then be used to test your configuration setup with the example data: 

```
nextflow run AlexsLemonade/scpca-nf \
  -config <path to config file>  \
  -profile <name of profile> \
  --run_metafile <path to metadata file>
```

Here, you will need to provide the relative path to the configuration file that you have setup after following the instructions on [creating a configuration file](../external-data-instructions.md#configuration-files). 
You also will need to provide the name of the profile that you chose when creating a profile. 
For the example configuration file that we provided, we used the profile name `cluster` and would indicate that we would like to use that profile at the command line with `-profile cluster`. 

> Finally, you will need to provide the path to the metadata file containing the associated metadata for the example data that you have set up following the instructions above. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

For more detailed information on setting up the metadata file for your own data, see instructions on [preparing the metadata file](../external-data-instructions.md#prepare-the-metadata-file). 

:warning: These instructions are only intended to be used to test accurate set up of a configuration file. 
This setup assumes that you have already created a configuration file and have created and named a profile to use. 

> See the instructions on [creating a configuration file](../external-data-instructions.md#configuration-files) and [setting up a profile](../external-data-instructions.md#setting-up-a-profile-in-the-configuration-file) for more information.

Reviewer 2: I've already read the section once I get to this warning.
